c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\ivana\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\ivana\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\ivana\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\Eto.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\Eto.OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\Eto.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\Eto.xml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\NewAccountWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\NewAccountWindow.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Graph.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ListItemDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Loading.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\App.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Graph.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Login.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ListItemDetails.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Loading.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountList.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\Csharp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountList.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountList.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Graph.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\NewAccountWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ListItemDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Loading.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\App.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountList.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Graph.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Login.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\NewAccountWindow.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ListItemDetails.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\Loading.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\AccountInfo.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ErrorLog.g.cs
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WindowList\ErrorLog.baml
C:\Users\ivana\Source\Repos\StatsApp\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
